Hello everyone, welcome
to the program celebrating
Buddha's Birthday with songs praising the Buddha, Dharma,
and Sangha. In the Sutra of the Sangha,
the Buddha taught that with
reflection and discernment, one should not praise
those who are unworthy of praise; with reflection and
discernment, one should praise those who are
worthy; with reflection and discernment, one should
feel distrust towards
those who are unworthy of trust; with reflection and
discernment, one should feel
trust towards those who are trustworthy.
By achieving these four qualities, such monks will be reborn in the heavenly realms. Facing the great Buddha's birth with an
enlightened mind, contemplating the great birth of the
Buddha and experiencing the
noble values ​​brought about by the Six Harmonious Principles, the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club have
vowed to offer songs of
praise to the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha
for nine days, from March 22nd to
April 0th, 2013 (Year of the Rabbit).
This praise will generate blessings and peace for the
Buddhists themselves, as the Buddha taught about the merit of
praise.  You can dedicate this
to your present virtuous wishes so that they may be
fulfilled. Today is the
first day of the program. We invite all
Buddhists and the public to sing along to the
song "The Birth of the Buddha," which benefits all
beings, the Six Harmonies Song, and finally, to uphold the practice of the
Six Harmonies. Dear friends and
Buddhists abroad,
if you wish to sing along according to the vow of the
Buddhists in the Golden Cup Club,
please sing according to the time in Vietnam or according to the
time in your country, but within the time frame of
10 PM to
10 PM.
If any Buddhists are busy and
cannot participate in singing at
those times, they can sing at
other times of the day. And now, fellow
practitioners, are you all ready for
today's program? Ready? Very ready?
Extremely ready? Oh yeah! Then
3 2 1 begin!
[Music]
[Applause]
A unique being,
a non-existent human being,
appears
in
this world for the benefit of all beings.  For the happiness
of all beings, for the sake of
compassion, for the sake of goodness
[music]
Beautiful, for the benefit of gods and
humans.
Who is that person? Who is that person?
That person is none
other than Buddha Shakyamuni. In
the midst of the forest of Ashoka, Buddha Shakyamuni, in the
midst of Ashoka, Buddha Shakyamuni,
for the happiness of all beings,
for the happiness of all
[music]
Namo
Lumbini ... A single being, a unique and extraordinary person appearing in this world. For the benefit of all beings, for the happiness of all beings, for the sake of compassion, for the sake of goodness. Beautiful, for the benefit of all beings, for the sake of all
[music]
A single being, a
unique and extraordinary person
appearing
in
this world. For the benefit of all beings, for the happiness of all beings, for the sake of compassion, for the sake of goodness. For the benefit of all beings, for the sake of all [music] A single being, a unique and extraordinary person appearing in this world. For the benefit of all beings, for the sake of all beings, for the sake of
compassion, for the sake of goodness.
Who is that person?
Who is that person? That person is none other than
Buddha Shakyamuni. In the midst of the forest of
Ashoka, Buddha Shakyamuni, in the midst of
Ashoka, Buddha Shakyamuni,
for the happiness of all beings,
for the happiness of all [music]
[Applause]
la nam mo lan d di bie pho u tho ha thi bien dan
x bon su Kich mau ni phat
nam mo Lam bi ni Viet bo u tho h thi hien Dat x bon su thich ca mau ni phat nam mo Lam Ty Ni vien vo u th Ha thi hien dan sin bon su the
Ca Mau Ni phat
[Music]
[Applause]
Golden chrysanthemum, noble gentleman, wealthy, even pigs
don't leave, the flower is also golden, noble,
wealthy, even withered is not a
color, golden palace club, hundred-
cultivation club, wealthy, difficult, not
afraid, rich, difficult, will overcome, golden chrysanthemum
club, joyful club, practicing
Buddhist Dharma, golden palace club,
joyful club, practicing Buddhist Dharma, Six Harmonies,
one body, eastern flower, two mouths, Flower of Non-Confrontation,
three thoughts, flower of mutual approval, four realms, harmonious cultivation, five,
Kien Hoa diagram, Six Benefits,
eastern flower, where there is Six Harmonies, there is peace, where there is liberation, where there is
Six Harmonies, there is
liberation, golden chrysanthemum club,
joyful club, practicing Dharma  The Six Harmonies Buddhist Club, the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the
joyful club, together we do our
part, the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, the
joyful club, together we cultivate faith,
develop Bodhi Mind, protect the Three Jewels, spread the
Buddha's teachings throughout the world.
[Music]
Golden chrysanthemum, from the color of
liberation, the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing to seek
liberation, helping everyone, the
Golden Offering Club, the joyful club, cultivating the mind for
liberation, the Golden Offering Club, the joyful club, the Golden Offering Club, the
joyful club, the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club are
Buddhists who practice at Ba
V Temple, always striving together to seek the supreme path,
always striving together
to
seek compassion.
[Music]
Now, the celestial beings, the Ba V Heaven and all the
celestial beings everywhere, come together to rejoice with
us. Together we break the cycle of harmony, the
great merit of giving the
Dharma, the virtue of the Buddha, and those who
joyfully pour forth their hearts, at all costs, in the face of danger, to see the Tathagata, with one
heart, believe in Nirvana.
[Music]
And the celestial beings, do they know or not, people
replace  The Tathagata guides us, that
is, the one who nurtured us, we
respectfully thank our teacher for teaching us the
Dharma of harmony, so that from spring to spring,
we may use our blessings for all sentient beings. First, let us come here together to joyfully practice the Dharma of the Six
Flowers, so that we may be guided by the Buddha Shakyamuni, we may practice the Dharma of the Six Flowers, we may follow the Dharma of the Six Flowers, we may break through the ancient path of the Dharma, we may follow the Dharma of the Six Flowers, we may follow the Dharma of the Six Flowers,
we may follow the
Dharma of the Three Heavens ...  From the Spring family's teachings, the
Buddha's teachings bring blessings to all
beings. Oh,
Immortals, come here and
sing joyful songs, practice the Dharma of Harmony.
From the Buddha Shakyamuni,
our sister, the Buddha's teachings
bring blessings to ...
Let us all rejoice and
praise the incredibly
meaningful and vibrant cultural performances that have just taken place.
And this performance has
concluded tonight's program.
We will bring you happiness and joy, and for all
the
special singing and appreciation, we would like to express our
gratitude to Buddhist devotee Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan
Quan, head of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club of Luc Hoa, for composing the
meaningful song for today's program.
Thank you for the attention and participation of all
Buddhist devotees, as well as our esteemed audience and
dear friends. Please don't forget that
at 10 PM tomorrow, May 12th, we
will continue with the program praising the Buddha,
Dharma, and Sangha. The program will
be streamed live on the
YouTube channels Pham Thi Yen Tam Chieu Hoan Quan and
Facebook Ba Vang Pagoda. And now,
goodbye and see you again! (Lala La La La La La)